README.md, before:

# NX Provisioner

Quickly provision a modded switch with the newest bootloader, CFW, applications, and payloads. For a list of everything that is downloaded, see the [Projects](#Projects) section below.

<br>

## Quickstart
```
$ pip install requests bs4
$ python3 nx-provisioner.py
```

Open `drag-n-drop` directory and drag all of the contents to the Switch microSD card.

<br>

## Projects

### Bootloader and CFW

- [hekate](https://github.com/CTCaer/hekate)

- [atmosphere](https://github.com/Atmosphere-NX/Atmosphere)


### Switch Applications

| Application | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| [AIOSwitchUpdater](https://github.com/HamletDuFromage/aio-switch-updater) | Download new firmware, cheat codes, etc. |
| [Goldleaf](https://github.com/XorTroll/Goldleaf) | Multipurpose homebrew tool. Delete pending firmware updates. |
| [JKSV](https://github.com/J-D-K/JKSV) | Dump game saves |
| [nxDumpTool](https://github.com/DarkMatterCore/nxdumptool) | Dump physical cartridges |
| [Tinfoil](https://github.com/tiliarou/tinfoil-1) | Switch title manager. Install games from physical cartridge and manage patches |
| [90DNS Tester](https://github.com/meganukebmp/Switch_90DNS_tester) | Confirm DNS resolution is blocked for nintendo domains |

Commit message:

add github actions to README

README.md, after:

# NX Provisioner

Quickly provision a modded switch with the newest bootloader, CFW, applications, and payloads. For a list of everything that is downloaded, see the [Projects](#Projects) section below.

Check the GitHub Actions page artifact for releases I have tested.

<br>

## Quickstart
```
$ pip install requests bs4
$ python3 nx-provisioner.py
```

Open `drag-n-drop` directory and drag all of the contents to the Switch microSD card.

<br>

## Projects

### Bootloader and CFW

- [hekate](https://github.com/CTCaer/hekate)

- [atmosphere](https://github.com/Atmosphere-NX/Atmosphere)


### Switch Applications

| Application | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| [AIOSwitchUpdater](https://github.com/HamletDuFromage/aio-switch-updater) | Download new firmware, cheat codes, etc. |
| [Goldleaf](https://github.com/XorTroll/Goldleaf) | Multipurpose homebrew tool. Delete pending firmware updates. |
| [JKSV](https://github.com/J-D-K/JKSV) | Dump game saves |
| [nxDumpTool](https://github.com/DarkMatterCore/nxdumptool) | Dump physical cartridges |
| [Tinfoil](https://github.com/tiliarou/tinfoil-1) | Switch title manager. Install games from physical cartridge and manage patches |
| [90DNS Tester](https://github.com/meganukebmp/Switch_90DNS_tester) | Confirm DNS resolution is blocked for nintendo domains |
